Readme.md, before:

# readme-generator

## Table of Contents:
- [Description](#installation)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Description

This is a simple app executed through the console to create a readme file based on user input.

## Usage

To use this app, you need to download the repository to your local machine.\
After doing so, if you type 'node index' into your console while in the folder of this repo, you will be given a series of prompts.\
After you follow those prompts, you will have a markdown file created inside of the repository folder titled "newREADME" which will contain all of the information shared during creation.

## Questions

GitHub: [Smulchman](https://github.com/Smulchman)  
You can reach me at the following email with any questions regarding this repository:  
Email: Mulcahy.Samuel@gmail.com

## Credits
Created by Sam Mulcahy  
Badges taken from [lukas-h](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h) [license-badges github repo](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba#file-license-badges-md)

Commit message:

added link to video to repository

Readme.md, after:

# readme-generator

## Table of Contents:
- [Description](#installation)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Description

This is a simple app executed through the console to create a readme file based on user input.

## Usage

You can view a video of the app in use [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PJ0ulcY_hVV9qHzo9JYlOCVDX713_u9q/view)\

To use this app, you need to download the repository to your local machine.\
After doing so, if you type 'node index' into your console while in the folder of this repo, you will be given a series of prompts.\
After you follow those prompts, you will have a markdown file created inside of the repository folder titled "newREADME" which will contain all of the information shared during creation.

## Questions

GitHub: [Smulchman](https://github.com/Smulchman)  
You can reach me at the following email with any questions regarding this repository:  
Email: Mulcahy.Samuel@gmail.com

## Credits
Created by Sam Mulcahy  
Badges taken from [lukas-h](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h) [license-badges github repo](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba#file-license-badges-md)
